Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
When do I get to go?
When you know
what you're looking at.
Dad. I know.
One 1.000. two 1.000. three--
Less than a mile away.
Here. put this on.
You hear it?
One day. your mom and I
are gonna build one for that.
-  Are you ever scared?
-  Nah.
When you do something you love.
there's nothing
to be afraid of.
BWQ. it's time.
Bill. you better keep
your phone on this time.
-  Hey. I mean it.
Wait!
Wait! Dad!
...all the way to the ground.
but there's definite
strong rotation
right in the middle
of that rain.
and that's going to be
near I-40. just after I-40.
or near and just be.
I would say.
uh. the first Geary exit.
the first. that would be
Highway 281 exit
here from Geary exit.
Gary. Thank you.
All right. you're watching
the storm west on Highway 33
west of Kingfisher tornado.
These storms
continue to intensify
Will. don't play with
Mommy's things.
...developing and circulating
the South Central
Garfield County
around Southwest Kingfisher
needs to be watched.
All these are cyclonic.
and there's another one
just due south of Greenfield
moving northeast.
- There's the one west
- Where's Daddy headed?
Hey. hey. hey.
Hey. buddy.
We got two of them.
We're gonna figure out some
kind of seating arrangement.
Sorry. Mr. Brody.
I brought my classmate.
I hope that's all right.
Your funeral.
And you're in
Long Horn Country now.
Everything's bigger in Texas.
- Roy...
-  Yeah.
Put Quinn's probes
in their trunk.
You take the lead.
You sure?
I'll ride with these guys.
-  All right. go ahead.
-  Yup.
...hundred miles an hour
...still on the ground
to Southeast--
What do you mean
my student is driving?
We couldn't fit.
OU only covers our truck
and Bill as a driver.
- Do you understand?
- What do you want me to do?
He's chasing the storm.
I'm chasing him.
Jesus.
What's your twenty?
...you are not
gonna see them coming.
You're gonna have to basically
be in the barricade to...
Tell my husband
to answer his phone.
MBQ. I wish
you could see this!
- Dad!
- It's biblical!
Looks like a grass fire.
the way the dirt's
being pulled in.
Being in a car in a tornado
is a really bad idea.
- Bill. you have a phone
for a reason!
We are not pulling
another storm like Joplin.
-  It's just
to the south of us.
We can get ahead of her.
and I'd say she's closer
to Hallam. Nebraska.
No. Bill. It's more like
if Jarrell and Joplin
had a baby.
Just pulling
huge volumes of air.
Now you listen here.
Forty-four. Turn North.
Bill. let's do what she says.
Exit here.
[Quinn] Forty-four.
Turn North.
-  Bill. let's end this!
-
- Bill.
-  We can't
afford to lose it!
- Go. go. go!
- Bill.
It's too wide.
- Bill. north now.
-  Stop!
Bill. do you copy?
Floor it.
She's cutting you off.
- Floor it!
Bill.
It's the type of storm
that will kill you.
- Bill.
-  We're looking to southwest...
Bill!
Tornado or not.
what I can tell you
is the whole sky is
sitting on the ground
and it Is just churning.
One 1.000. two 1.000 ...
three 1.000. four...
...red or burgundy red hair...
We found one kid
about 200 yards that way.
We're still looking
for the other.
He most likely
had his seatbelt on.
I just mopped that.
Yeah. I know.
We've gotta get going.
We're gonna fall behind.
You all done up here?
What about the second load?
I don't want her to see me here.
Please. Mom.
Come on. Mom. Let's go.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Are you wearing lipstick?
What? No.
I gotta get eggs
when we get home.
Don't worry about it.
- Now. I'm gonna be late.
- Ah. that's my boy.
- Aye.
Oh. great.
You know it always
takes two tries.
- There we go.
Yeah.
-  Don't do that.
Oh. my God.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. I can...
Okay. okay.
Okay. class. don't forget.
- thermodynamic packets
are due when?
- End of the week. all right?
If you guys
would like to procrastinate.
I'II give you
four days to do this.
- You started yet?
-  Come on.
- Nearly done.
- Serious?
- If you help me with mine.
I'll give you
another driving lesson.
Deal.
William Brody.
could you please escort
this officer to your locker?
She asked for this.
I don't even know
what she's looking for.
Please stay seated until
Mr. Keaton's ready for you.
Yes. he was in the office.
He was being sure.
-  Hey!
- William Brody!
Okay. Temperature conversion.
it's in the packet.
it's important.
Make sure that y--
- What is that?
- It's Brody.
- Yeah. that's him.
- Oh. my gosh.
Does Brody think
he's Spider-Man?
Why's he still up there?
He's gonna
get hit by lightning.
- Oh. my God. Is he doing--
-  I told you he's crazy.
- He is so--
So you thought
it would be a good idea
to get up on the roof
in the middle of a thunderstorm.
turn this thing on
and see what happens?
It's what Dad did.
Dad didn't go to college.
It's just a microphone.
How would you know if it works?
I'm not going to be
the reason you get expelled.
College is your way out.
you understand?
Do you understand?
Will--
- For god's sake.
I can't do this.
It's okay.
It's all about timing.
This is why people
have automatics.
Okay.
When I squeeze.
I want you to give it gas. Okay?
Yeah.
See? You did it.
Whoa. we're moving.
-  We're moving. Okay.
-  Yeah.
-  Okay. nice and slow.
Turn. turn. turn...
- And come to a stop.
It worked.
Can I ask you a question?
Who goes out onto a roof
to get close to the sky?
Do you ever think about
where you go when you die?
-  This is not stopping.
This is not stopping!
Harper. I'm--I'm so sorry.
- Don't sweat it. It's okay.
- Shit.
You got a pen pal in Texas?
Hey.
Come here. Check this out.
My dad was a genius.
She never understood him.
Maybe you don't understand her.
When I lost my mom...
that's when I realized how
important she was to my dad.
-  Hey! I have take-out.
Hey. hey.
Mom. did you know about this?
- He kept such detailed notes.
- Where did you get that?
Does it- does it matter?
I mean. you could use it
for your research.
Harper. I think it's time
for Harper to go.
Hey. wait. wait. wait.
No. no. no. No.
What are you so upset about?
This is the best chance I've
ever had at understanding Dad.
I loved your dad.
I miss him every bit
as much as you do. Will.
but that book.
that book is not for you.
- You are better than--
- Hey. hey. what the hell?
Better than what?
The man who got
all your research tested?
And that's why you gave up
on fieldwork. right?
Too much of a chicken shit
to put yourself in real danger?
No. Will. gave up fieldwork
to be your mother.
And sometimes
it's okay to be afraid
because I am standing
here and he's not.
When you do something you love.
there's nothing to be afraid of.
Yeah. yeah. I heard that before.
Thanks to you.
I have no idea who my dad was.
I think I'll leave. actually.
Oh... yeah.
-  Will. honey?
Will. you awake?
Will?
Oh. for the love of God.
Thank you. sir.
State your name and business.
Uncle Roy?
I knew I shouldn't have
put a return address.
Hey. wait!
How the hell did you
even get here anyway?
I just took a few--
And what in the world has that
woman been feeding you. huh?
You know what?
Never mind. the less know...
Let me guess. you came
to be a storm chaser
just like your dad.
No. I never
really thought about it.
Yeah. I bet you didn't.
Does your mom know you're here?
I'm guessing not.
She's the reason I'm here.
She really never
talks about him anymore.
So I started reading
through the journal--
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
The journal
wasn't an invitation.
I'm not your parent.
I'm not even really your uncle.
Your dad...
There was no one like him.
Never will be. Including you.
There. That's the speech.
She cleans houses. Roy.
The smartest woman
you've ever met cleans houses.
I can't babysit you. kid.
It is primetime storm season
and now I make a living
babysitting tourists.
and--and idiots.
Idiot tourists. worst of all.
But here. I'll tell you what.
Here. Ticket home. it's on me.
And then. if your mom asks.
here. you couldn't find me
or--or I'm dead.
You pick.
-  Van is way
bigger than you.
-  Barely.
Bill. your kid is here.
You so much as breathe on me.
I will shoot you.
Here. check this out.
Oh. wow.
All that heating at 90 degrees
cooking all that moisture.
You can't get out of the pot.
Once that cap goes away.
it explodes.
Then you kick in
the low-level jet. Bingo.
What's this do?
Well. police lights
for emergencies.
- Is it legal?
- No. not-not exactly.
Look. he's 16.
and he doesn't have his phone.
So I'm sure he's gonna
be back before dark.
If he ain't here by sundown.
then we'll officially designate
him a missing person.
Start an investigation.
So what am I
supposed to do now?
All you can do is wait.
Son of a--
It's about damn time.
Hey. remember this.
Please. you are not
William Brody.
Not today. You stay put.
Hi. Hey. good morning. everybody.
- Yeah. Good morning.
- Good morning. Finally.
Uh-huh.
Good morning. Chuck.
Remember. today's the last day
to get your merchandise.
[Chuck[ Yeah. no thanks.
You guys charge too much.
Oh. come on. Chuck.
We take cash.
- We take PayPal. We take--
- Are we gonna see a tornado?
- Roy speaking.
-  He's with you.
isn't he?
- Yeah.
- Where are you. Roy?
I'm getting in the car.
It's. uh...
it's our last day today. Quinn.
I'll--I'll get him home.
Just know that he's safe. okay?
There is no place in that
entire time zone
that's safe this
time of year. Roy.
Where's the target?
Call you back.
Take it from me.
Plan the wedding for winter.
Then your wife's happy
'cause you'll never risk
missing your anniversary
for chase season.
You lost?
That's my nephew.
He's just here for the night.
You're paying for his seat?
We're not running
a charity here.
Paperwork.
Just sign this.
It says consent of
the parent or guardian--
For god's sake.
just sign the damn thing.
He doesn't talk.
his name isn't on the manifest.
He was never here.
Let's go.
Ladies and gentlemen.
please keep your arms
and your legs
inside the vehicle at all times.
Thank you.
Don't break anything.
You better buckle up.
We got an enhanced risk today.
So true.
He's not here. is he?
We--
Well. let me come with.
I can help.
You're a kid. Go home. No.
How's Florida?
It's a whole place.
They get storms there. too.
-  Lightning capital
of the world.
I wouldn't call them storms.
More like afternoon showers.
You're gonna get
an education today. kid.
Kid's probably forgot
more about meteorology
than you'll ever know.
-  Him?
-  Yeah.
All right. kid.
Explain to me where
we're going today and why.
May I?
Judging from that.
dry line's
over the Texas Panhandle.
If dew points rise. converging
winds should set things off
in a few hours.
Should be an explosive day.
But. uh. I'm sure
you all knew that.
Kid's a genius.
Nice.
You want to bust my balls?
Let's try it again
when we're in chaos.
Finding the finger of God
inside of a target zone
over 100.000 miles...
...that's what we do.
We do follow three rules.
Rule number one:
always make sure you got
at least a half a tank of gas.
Rule number two:
always. always. always
make sure you got an escape.
Generally. these storms
move to the east and the north.
Wait. why "generally?"
It's just typical.
It's not hard and fast.
The goal is to target
the southeast corner of a cell
and to lead it.
That way.
all you got to worry about
is driving east and south
to get out of its way.
Find yourself
having to improvise
and you're already
in trouble.
So what's rule number three?
Never get caught
in the Bear's Cage.
- Never get caught in the vault.
-  Mm-hmm.
The most violent tornadoes
are rain-wrapped.
You won't see nothing
until you're...
30 feet in the sky.
No. sir.
Your first time?
So. uh. what happens if you get
caught in the Bear's Cage?
You better find
a ditch or a pool.
Ha! Bring your sunblock
and your swim trunks.
if you dare.
Hey. chasin' is
90 percent driving
and 10 percent witnessing
the Creator's wrath.
I pride myself on
getting closer to the heat
than any other tour company.
When you kiss it
right on the mouth.
So what's the deal
with the thing?
What thing?
It looked like a bomb.
Will took it up on the roof.
Not a bomb.
It can save lives.
So what's the deal
with you and Will?
He thought you were pretty
since the third grade.
That's not it.
You treat him good.
I... I like the way
that he looks at the sky.
- It--it's fine.
- I...
If you're gonna smoke.
it's fine.
I'II save it or later.
Cell's developing here
pretty quick.
It's telling me
it's ten miles out.
I can't see shit.
Just wait till
we clear the rocks.
Okay. once we clear the canyon.
that's when you're gonna
want to pull out your cameras.
Can I help you?
What are you doing. boy?
It's absolutely massive.
Get back there
before it starts moving.
Like having a puppy in the car.
Do you want to get me fired?
God Almighty.
Hey.
pull over here. right here.
You sure?
There's no pavement there.
- I'm sure.
- Okay.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. hey.
- What. Frank?
What are you gonna do?
Don't park in the grass.
Get off the grass. Zane.
You piece of shit.
Blow that out your ass. Frank.
Remember.
stay away from the road.
Stay tight as a group.
And when I say we go. we go.
And hey.
enjoy the show.
Keep him on a leash.
-  Finally.
See how the anvil blasts
miles out over the horizon?
You feel that?
That cool breeze?
You feel it?
Yeah. that's her outflow.
I don't remember them
being this big.
Well. they get bigger.
You got yourself
a classic Supercell right there.
You can see her rotating from
the wall cloud below the base
all the way up her updraft.
Now... when the wind
turns warm from the back.
that's when she's feeding.
growing toward you.
I should have brought my phone.
Hey. Chuck.
you're boning my shot.
Keep your eye on that funnel!
This thing is happening.
Right now. it's just a funnel.
But watch.
Watch. Watch the ground beneath.
Soon as you see
debris kick up...
you got yourself
a bona fide tornado.
It's real.
Wow.
This is gonna buy me a Rolex.
Why aren't we closer?
We got the best seat
in the house.
Being in the front row
just gets you killed.
- The cell to the south is
choking her off.
-  Come on.
-  Let's go!
- Let's go!
- Everybody in the van!
- Big winds on the way.
Let's go! Let's go! Get in!
God.
Shit.
-  I'm gunning it.
It's not moving.
Give it a rest.
Hail core's about
to pass overhead.
Two inches?
Three and a half.
Is it bad?
It's real bad.
Everybody okay?
Is that a yes?!
-  Yeah. We're okay.
You just experienced
gorilla hail. Ha-ha.
You're welcome.
Did you see
the size of the hail?
That's what we get
for going off the pavement.
Storage is just over
the state line from Shamrock.
You want me
to get the other van?
Try to catch us one more
chase before sundown.
Hey. listen.
I want to talk to you.
I think we can get
our money back.
Hey. don't even
think about it. Chuck.
You're not getting your money back.
You signed a waiver. remember?
Hey. was hat a tornado?
If it was.
we'd be deader than dead.
Yes. I know. So you guys
are still in Panhandle?
We'll be in Liberal tonight.
- Kansas?
- Yeah. that's the one.
I should be there by lunch.
You're. uh...
you're not mad at me. are you?
He ambushed me.
You have my only kid. Roy.
He doesn't know
how dangerous this world is.
He's in good hands.
Damn. girl.
Where are you coming from?
Right. I'll be in touch.
Hey. buddy.
Hi.
If you want to hit on somebody.
why don't you hit on
someone your age. eh?
Yeah.
You got a smoke?
Oh. thanks. man.
Lighter.
Trade that.
Gentlemen shouldn't smoke.
I was just playing around.
Where are you going?
You ever been to Kansas.
Dorothy?
Why didn't he listen to you?
Well. Zane's changed.
Every time you sell
one of those trucker hats
with our name on it.
does my mom get a cut?
Yeah.
I already knew
the answer to that.
You know...
one of the things
I loved most about your dad?
How he could...
He could look up at the sky
and know...
everything
he needed to know.
He didn't need
some radar on his phone.
Nowadays. you download some app.
run a car.
you call yourself a chaser.
What's that
got to do with anything?
Right after we lost your dad.
your mom was
forced to bankrupt the lab.
Brody Storm Labs eventually
became Brody Storm Tours...
And here we are.
What about Zane?
You really needed
that guy as a partner?
Do I look like a partner?
Huh? I'm an employee.
Hey...
I gotta eat.
So do we.
Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa.
If it helps...
your name is
the only reason it's still here.
It has value.
It means something.
Yeah. That some crazy asshole
got two students killed.
We gotta go.
Come on!
See that wall of cloud?
Wait. that one?
You dumb son of a bitch.
that one right there.
Hurry up!
Round the place.
There's Cornshit.
Hurry up.
Get the mask.
Put them inside. Let's go.
Okay. all right. Start it up.
Took you long enough.
- Pulled a two-hour turn around.
- Okay. kid. Get out.
You change his diapers?
Chuck is really startin' to
piss me off this year.
-  Daphne. you hear me?
Put it down.
You don't need that.
You only get one.
You hear me? One.
That's us. Let's go.
Where's the kid?
- I don't know.
- We gotta go. man.
The National
Weather Service in Warren Town
has issued
a Tornado warning for:
Anderson County. Norton County.
Bolton County. Warren County...
...at 1:45 p.m.
Mind your manners.
National Weather Service
Doppler radar indicated...
Hey. man. You got the time?
...a severe thunderstorm
capable of producing a tornado
five miles northwest.
- Look. he's safer here anyway.
- We can come back for him.
We'll be leaving in
just a moment. folks. Yeah.
There's one person in there.
a there's a whole bunch here.
This is not a choice;
I will fire you.
...for potential shelter...
Don't worry.
If it was headed this way.
all those chasers
would still be here.
Lock that door.
Lock it.
Shelter.
This isn't a shelter.
No. no. no!
Yeah. he's in here.
How many--
Your nephew's got a horseshoe
stuck up is ass.
Probably make
the seven o'clock news.
That'd be good.
We're here with the son of
the legendary Storm Chaser
Bill Brody. who just survived
the Shamrock tornado
in a phone booth.
Tell us what
happened here today.
Well. yeah. Well. I-I was--
Hey. everybody. I'm Zane Rogers.
proud owner of
the Brody Storm Tours Company.
William Brody here is set to
join the family business and--
and carry on his father's work.
Am I right. son?
- What the hell are you doing?
- Hey. you're interrupting me.
You may have been able
to buy the Brody name.
- but you will never be
Bill Brody.
- Oh. really?
Aren't you the one that turned
his father into a hood ornament?
Yeah.
We are the premier
tour company in this area.
hope you realize
we've been doing this
for probably nigh on
about 20--
You can fire me now.
Hurry. hurry. Set up the shots.
-  Hold on. Hold on.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
-  Zoom in on him.
- Where the hell were you?
- Huh? What?
You know what I'm talking about.
Do you have any idea
how scared I was?
I just wanted some popcorn.
You think this is a game?
No.
Then why'd you send me this?
What? What use is it to me?
I thought it was a nice gesture.
No. that's bullshit.
No. you need me.
The hell I do.
What do I need with a kid?
I'll show you.
I'll be damned.
She did it.
I got to charge it tonight. but...
I found it.
Found- found what?
Mom. She cracked it.
All this time...
Now we can hear it
coming from miles away.
Wait.
Hey.
- Wow.
Go on. Get in.
I can almost smell him.
My dad. his hands were so big.
I'd stare at them for hours
while he drove.
I'd wonder if mine
would look like that.
That's what makes you a man.
To be honest. Will.
I don't think that
has anything to do with it.
Hey. slide over.
- Where are we going?
- Oh. you'll see.
Keep your eyes on the radar.
I'll watch the road.
You got a girl?
Yeah? Is she cute?
She's smart.
That's what I like.
Cute. too. bet.
Since the seventh grade.
All right.
we're through it in no time.
How long you two been dating?
I don't know.
We're just friends.
That won't keep.
You're a Brody.
All right. You ready?
Welcome to
the backside of a Supercell.
This is unbelievable.
Hey.
You think
I'll ever see him again?
I mean...
when it's over for me. too.
Do you think so?
I'm not much of
the spiritual type. But...
I'll tell you what.
There was this. uh...
old lady in--in Shamrock.
Back in '77. and she told me...
she left for the bank one day.
and. um. she forgot her paycheck
on the dining room table.
That day. a tornado
took her home. everything.
everything was gone.
The fridge had been tossed
about two miles on the other
side of 1-40.
The only thing left standing...
was that dining table.
with the check still on it.
If there's
anything I've learned
from all of this. it's...
any law you got.
it will defy it.
So yeah.
Yeah. I think
you'll see your dad again.
Well. uh...
Mom won't be
cleaning houses much longer.
I'll make sure of that.
The sky will always show
you something you haven't seen.
It's why we feel the way we do
the morning of a chase.
For me...
well. that's the end of it.
Well. I'm just getting started.
Woo-hooo!
Whoo! Whooo!
- Whoo-hoo!
You know. Will made me watch
every episode of Storm Chasers.
That must have been painful.
Why'd you let them film you?
Bill thought...
that if we raised our profile.
people would
open up their pocketbooks.
He was right.
You're lucky. Harper.
Money solves a lot of problems.
If I could. I'd trade it all
for my dad to come
watch me play soccer.
You know. a long time ago.
Bill introduced me to the sky.
and I fell in love with him.
He also used my science in a
whole bunch of different ways
that nobody ever had
in the business.
I don't understand.
You guys were the best at what
you did. How could--
When you do something
as dangerous
as going into a place where
the wind that can throw your car
hundreds of yards.
every ride home.
you get little more numb.
So the next time you go back...
you want to go in further...
and you want to stay longer...
to satisfy some sort of...
what. I don't know.
If my grad student
hadn't taken a friend.
they'd be here.
If they would have loaded one
50-pound probe into the truck
rather than two.
they'd be here.
If they'd taken
Highway 44. they'd be here.
If they had been on
any other stretch of land
at that moment. they...
I used to think that the risk
that we took
had some
sort of calling because...
Because we chased
for knowledge...
not thrill.
I guess Mother Nature
doesn't care.
Then why do it?
Because somebody has to.
I just don't want it to be Will.
Dry line stalled.
Take a look at these
lapse rates for tomorrow.
Oh. you thinking about
Southwest Nebraska?
- Oh. yeah.
- All right.
- Hey. bud.
-  Hey.
You chase today?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
For the first time.
All right. hang on.
Give this kid a beer.
- Come on in. buddy.
- Sure.
Yeah. first chase.
first beer. man.
Thanks. guys.
- Have a seat.
- Thanks.
You know about
the HRRR and the NAMNEST?
Um. yeah. Yeah. a little bit.
Okay. What about. uh.
what about CAPE values?
Look. let me tell you.
Okay. so at about
a thousand CAPE. all right.
- you're gonna get thunderstorms.
- Mm-hmm.
It's as simple as that.
Today. the CAPE was 2.600
and you saw
what happened. right?
All right. now look at this.
At four p.m. tomorrow...
Six p.m.
Eight p.m.
At eight p.m.. Southwest
Nebraska is forecasted to see
CAPE values between
4.500 and 5.000.
A loaded gun.
That-that's good. right?
Is it good? Son. those are
Wichita Fall numbers.
Yeah.
The day Bill Brody
and those kids
became a missile.
-  Ding dong.
Mr. Brody Storm Tours himself!
Zane. kid here
popped his cherry today.
-  No shit.
-  Yup.
I'm so sorry. guys.
Thanks for the beer.
Um. I--I should go.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
You don't know who this is?
You're disrespecting
his old man?
This is Bill Brody's son!
Wait. you're the kid?
I heard that you rode one out
in a phone booth.
Hey. your father's a legend.
This kid's parents are
the reason I started chasing.
Did you know that?
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
Wow.
The probes they engineered.
Yeah. They--they still hold
the record for most intercepts.
Boy. your mom has some brass.
We used to call her
the Mama Bear
because of all the time
she spent in that Bear's Cage.
Nobody collects data there
unless it's by accident.
Yeah. except for the Brodys.
Bill Brody did things
nobody else dared to do
and he did 'em
again and again.
I mean. he pulled off
the moon landing
with nothing more than
a high school diploma.
Now how does somebody like that
ever get into money trouble?
I--I don't follow.
Science love scientists.
Even though
your dad had your mom.
he was always
gonna be an outsider.
People love labels. It's easier.
To them. he was...
an adrenaline junkie.
- Just like the rest of us.
- Cheers.
- Why can't you be both?
Well...
when you're ready
to prove them wrong.
you know where to find me.
Anyway...
I need my hat here. boy.
I got me a van
full of new troops in the AM
and I don't have
an effing driver. Gawd!
Ah. I should probably
head out too. guys.
All right. well. hey. boys.
Y'all be safe tomorrow.
If those Southwesterlies
get backed by the southeast...
Wake up. Whoo!
Don't become friends with them.
They're gonna be dead
by the end of the month.
-  Son of a bitch.
Hey.
Hey!
Wait.
Why did you tel me all that?
I meant everything I said.
But there's a dark side to this.
and your father
crossed over from time to time.
Shit. we all have.
But he never lost sight
of what was important.
Nice watch.
Battle scars.
I dig it.
We were all laughing.
Hey.
That's Bill Brody's son.
It's your fan club.
What's happening?
Ghost of a giant. kid.
Follow me.
- Are you some sort of celebrity?
So. what can I get you fellas?
I am gonna have the world-famous
huevos rancheros. please.
You know what?
Make it two.
I hate to be a bother.
but how bad is it gonna get?
Where do you live?
Well. I'm just a couple
of miles down the road.
But my sister lives up in Colby.
- Does she have a shelter?
- Yes. sir.
Tell her to stay near it.
The storms are probably
going to clear
to the northeast.
but best be safe.
I used my dad's concept
as a guide.
So. uh. when I reviewed
the models...
-  Hey. new reports out.
-  ...it all clicked.
-  What does it say?
-  Imperial. yeah.
-  Oh. really?
-  Hey. hey.
Southwest Nebraska.
Well. don't wait for us!
Let's go!
No. no. no.
Your mom is meeting us here.
And she's on her way.
Until then. we stay put.
How does she know where I was?
You're my responsibility
until you become your mom's.
so sit your ass down.
Don't wait. bro. Let's go.
Roy Cameron.
Just wait.
If you taste those
huevos rancheros.
it'll change your life.
Hey. get outta there.
You're being a dick. Let's go.
You boys ready? Let's go.
Got a high roller today.
bought out the tour.
Can't afford to worry about
an intercept now.
Just get me within range.
I need this.
And think of the story;
it'll tell itself.
Okay. The next few hours.
I'm God.
Whatever I say goes. All right?
Have you ever heard of
plausible deniability?
Every day.
- I'm serious.
If you're tired of
messing around.
being a tour operator...
give me a call.
- Say hi to Kim for me.
- I will.
Not again.
Mr. Khan.
you're in for a treat today.
We've got the son of the
legendary Storm Chaser.
Bill Brody.
riding along with us.
Big Bill. The Dalai Lama
of storm chasers.
What did he say?
You like history?
I love history.
In 1949. a guy named
Dr. Horace Byers
was hired by
the government to find out why
commercial airliners
were falling out of the sky.
He got some fighter pilots
to fly their jets
through thunderstorms
and they discovered
that nearly all storms
are like lungs.
One breath in. one breath out. Simple.
But there was an outlier.
Under the right conditions.
there was a particular storm
that would rotate its rain
out of its throat.
allowing it
to breathe in and out...
for hours.
You know what he called it?
Supercell.
Good boy.
Roy. Uh-huh.
Hello. Roy.
- He abducted me.
- Uh-huh. I'm sure.
You look...
like a whole person still.
Gee. thanks.
Where's my son
before I castrate you?
Really? In front of the kid?
I'm 17.
You're the heartbreaker
since the seventh grade.
Where's my son. Roy?
We haven't seen storm
as severe as this before.
Does that tin can work?
Zane. come in.
You got William Brody
with you?
- [William] Shit.
Hey. hey. hey. Careful.
Put it back in the van.
Let's go.
can't believe it.
You're still pulling
the same shit
that you did ten years ago?
Why don't you just eliminate me?
You're so good at
eliminating the Brodys.
You know. if it wasn't for me.
Bill would have checked out
long before Wichita Falls.
I took on that man's load
while you stayed at home
playing keyboard cowboy!
I was raising our son. Roy.
But I stayed here!
I was here...
trying to--to
preserve something.
And I gotta tell you
something. Quinn.
Your son?
He is one of us.
You had no right to give him
that journal. Roy.
He loves you. Quinn.
but you can't put a collar
on a no-collar dog
- and expect him to be happy.
- Hey!
Shouldn't we be chasing?
I'll drive my husband's truck.
- You getting in?
Buckle up. We're going to war.
So exciting to be here.
-  Anything?
I thought Imperial
was the target.
Not for deployment.
But we don't need to get close
with the microphone.
The whole point is that we can
do it from a safe distance.
Come on. son. We're cowboys.
just like your dad.
The place they're going to
is very dangerous.
Oh. God.
Find me an East route
or we're gonna lose it.
No. we're too close.
We're not too close.
East route. now!
It's very bumpy.
There's no pavement
for another two miles.
I don't need pavement.
They feel
this is the correct route.
Always follow the good air.
Get your phones ready.
Oh. no.
They're driving recklessly.
Our escape route
is around the bend.
about one mile. Highway 33.
Now's your chance. Let's go.
We're inside.
Major Tom. why don't you put
your headphones on
and find me a pulse.
Don't be scared.
We haven't lost anyone yet.
Leave me alone. Yeah.
Just keep your eyes
up there. you understand?
Oh. no.
Hey. never mind that.
it's just the RFD.
Where the hell you going?
Get in!
And close that door!
Hey. Roy. Please come in.
Do you copy?
We're on a dirt road
about a mile west of Exit 33.
Let's go.
-  Go forward!
Hey. I'm gonna push.
You drive.
I'll get out and push.
When I give you the thumbs up.
you start to ease back.
Okay?
Keep it spinning.
Come on.
Come on!
-  Come on!
Oh. my God.
No!
Get in. Get in.
Reverse! Reverse!
Ah! Can you even drive?
I absolutely cannot!
Heads down!
Get out of there now!
You're in the Bear's Cage!
We're heading down 33!
- Which mile marker are you on?
- I'm going backwards here.
How the hell
am I supposed to know that?
Brake! Brake!
- William!
- Mom?
- Mom!
-  Move over.
-  Follow us.
Where's Zane?
Why were you driving?
The tornado was
right on top of us.
It's okay.
I'm here with you now.
Hey.
It's gonna be all right.
South storm
ate the North storm.
The low-level jet
just kicked in.
Well. at least
it's stopped raining.
That's good. right?
No.
We're still in the cage.
If we get through McCook.
we got a South route.
two miles.
That... that whole thing's
a tornado?
Mom. Fuel. we're low.
Forget the South route.
We need a shelter now.
- The Victory Christian Academy.
it's two blocks North.
three blocks East.
Where is it. Roy?
Hey. over there.
- Turn around! Turn around!
-  On it.
We're out of gas.
You all right?
Harper! Take this. Get inside.
Tour is over. Let's go.
Please move! Let's go.
-  Come on!
No. no. Come on.
What are you doing?
Dad's journal is under the seat.
What? What?
Get in here!
Is Will in there?
There's no time for that.
- No. I can't leave it.
- Look. hey! Let it go.
I'm stuck.
-  What?
-  I'm stuck.
It's your watch! Your watch!
Undo it! Undo it!
- Come on. Undo it.
-  It's stuck.
Will!
Come inside! You're gonna die.
Roy!
Where are you going?
-  Will!
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
-  I think
I broke something.
-  You okay?
You're gonna make it.
Oh. my God.
The pool.
All right. All right.
Hold your breath.
On my count. ready?
- One. two. three.
How'd y'all plan on
getting home?
I don't know.
Haven't thought about it.
Well. at least you know
how to drive now.
I lost it.
We can build another.
Your dad would be proud.
I did it for you.